it's so easy to create delicious meals
with cool creamy Philadelphia our
mouth-watering recipes make quick simple
dishes with a tasty twist okay Philly
which Ives frittata now this is like an
Italian version of an omelet okay I've
got a very very hot pan there add a
little bit of oil some spring onions and
some red peppers and give it a little
toss then I'm gonna add this chicken if
you're a vegetarian just take the
chicken out great recipe for using
leftovers you know in your fridge then
in the meantime now I've got some
potatoes here that should be boiled and
I'm gonna cut them like this some new
potatoes I'm gonna leave the skin on so
quite like using the skin I like to feel
I like the taste
lovely I've got some peas as well which
you're gonna go in see the colors and
very good and saute these vegetables in
the chicken until they nicely sort of
soften okay now eggs obviously one of
the main ingredients for this it's like
an omelet but you know it's an open
omelet in Italian its corporate artha
because it's fried okay so that's now
all the ingredients are fried and almost
cooked then you add the eggs and you
start moving it around so you cover the
whole pan so that it's all even now I've
got a little twist let me just add this
wonderful Philadelphia with chives so
you just put some dollop sand on top
there okay
and this chives is a very good herb for
the frittata so it's gonna all marry
really nicely together in the oven can
be as generous as you like all right
that's it and this is going onto the
grill for about five minutes until the
whole thing is browned off
let's have a look at this now it's
beautifully ready you check the edges
that hasn't stuck anywhere okay onto my
board get a knife cut in half then in
half like that and off it goes onto the
plate absolutely wonderful it's so
simple
Philly which Ives frittata